Hi guys, in this tutorial, we'll learn
how to
install Ollama
on Windows
Cloud Office 5 4.7, the final version
locally in your Windows machine. If you
have Mac, you can install it as
Okay, after that
after installing this on the test you
have to go to command prompt
and run it using this command.
Okay, as you can see it works fine. I
want to send any message. Hi, for
example.
As you can see it starts working here.
Okay, hello.
Can I help you today? Okay, after that
we have to connect it with the VS
code and use it to create this uh
website with three files, HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript. Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, go here to
Google
and to go to this website
ollama.com/download and click this
download to download the Ollama
for Windows, for Linux, or for Mac OS.
Okay, after downloading this model
install it.
After installing this model, you
get this
Ollama as you can see. This is my Ollama
image. Okay.
You can go to the link on the
description and click it and
you can see how to download and install
Ollama in a tutorial in the description.
Okay, after downloading and installing
Ollama
Okay, I want to show you how to download
and install this model from Cloud.
Okay, where is Cloud?
Okay, I want to download this model in
my Cloud Office 4.7, the final version
of
Cloud. Okay, how to do that? We have to
go here. Models
search for Office
uh
4.7.
Okay, let's choose uh
the last update, this one.
We click right here.
And if you have
a powerful GPU, download this model 29
GB
if you have a good GPU.
A medium GPU, you can install this G2
version for us. This I have a medium
GPU. Okay, click here
and
click on this one.
Copy it
and go down right here.
Okay, now let's how to install the
model.
To install the model in Ollama, you have
to copy a command and run it in your
terminal.
You have to go here, command prompt, and
paste our
this prompt. Okay, now it's
installing our 12 GB. It takes some
time.
As you can see the downloading and
installing of
the Cloud 4.7 Office is done. Okay,
let's test.
Send a message. Hello.
Hi.
Okay, hello. Can I help you today?
Tell me
about
atom.
It's starting to think right now.
Okay, as you can see it works fine.
Okay, now let's move to the next step,
how to use it for coding, how to connect
this
Cloud Office 4.7 with the VS code. Okay,
download and install VS code. After
installing VS code, open it.
After that, let's create new folder.
Okay, let's go here, file.
Click
click this open folder and let's create
new folder on this desktop.
Office.
Our file is I go in this folder.
Select this folder.
Okay, now next thing I want to do is to
go here, extension, and install
Continue.
Okay. This is AI open source AI code
agents. It allows you to use
Ollama models inside VS code. Okay, hit
install.
Okay, fine. The installation of Continue
is done. Let's return right here and go.
After installing this Continue, the icon
of Continue appears right here in this
place. Let's close this.
This interface of our
program.
Okay, go here, select model, and go
here, add the top one.
Okay, provider. We have a lot of
providers.
If you have NM Studio
you can use Ollama and
can add it.
And the model is shown automatically.
For us, we have
Ollama.
Install the Ollama PC. This model auto
detect, it connect and I think it's
connected automatically.
I have only one model, this Cloud Office
4.7.
Okay, as you can see it works fine.
Okay, let's tell us to code anything.
Okay, let's
This is my
the quiz. Create quiz website, HTML,
CSS, JavaScript about uh
the best
anime in 2026.
Okay, let's hit enter and let's see. Now
it starts working. This takes some time.
It starts generating our files.
Okay, as you can see the work is
finished. We have three files, HTML
CSS, and JavaScript.
Okay. Now the future of our program is
the question and scientific background
and other things. Okay, how to run this
program?
We have to save these three files in the
same folder.
Our folder, as you can see, this is my
Office.
Okay, we have those three files,
index.html
script.js
js, and style.css.
We have to copy and paste all those on
this files.
Okay, and open our uh
index.html
in our browser. Okay, and the work is
finished.
Okay, thank you guys for watching. This
is all for this tutorial.